Q40: Which is the best hostel according to you and why?
(day scholars can skip this question)

Girnar: 10
Sahyadri: 6
Jwalamukhi : 6
Udaigiri: 5
Satpura: 4
Girnar : 4
Himadri: 4
Dronagiri: 4
No idea: 3
Zanskar : 3
Dronagiri : 3
Zanskar: 3
Jwalamukhi: 3
Himadri : 2
Dronagiri/Saptagiri: 2
my hostel : 2
Dronagiri Saptagiri: 2
Aravali: 2
Kumaon: 2
Karakoram : 2
dronagiri: 2
Sahyadri : 2
Zanskar. Most accessible, good rooms. But people and food the same - toxic.: 1
Yet to discover all the hostels, but surely those for PhD and masters students are 100x better than us: 1
Satpura 🤌🤌: 1
Shivalik: 1
girnar: 1
Shivalik , ksa bhi ho , apna h: 1
Zanskar: Culture : 1
Zanskar, because hostel mess: 1
Jwala if iirc: 1
Girnar, infrastructure + clean rooms: 1
Vindhyachal : 1
Zanskar,  Everything is best: 1
Kumaon, Jwala and Zanskar. And if forced to chose one, Jwala. Crazy hostel culture and great food.: 1
Nalanda, Sahyadri, Saptagiri: 1
Jwala - khaana bohot sexy hai aur non-veg me chicken milta hai 😋🤌: 1
Jwalamukhi, food: 1
Satpura, good nightmess, double sharing good rooms what else I want: 1
karakoram: 1
None 
Every hostel is ass: 1
Dronagiri or Saptagiri if I am given the option to live there. I don't think reasoning is required.: 1
Zanskar - Good infrastructure and the environment among the people there is nice.: 1
Shivalik - overall great vibe: 1
Jai Jwala ofc: 1
DRONAGIRI: 1
Dronagiri and saptagiri: 1
Jwala because of the food : 1
Satpura : Culture and Connections
Nilgiri : Accomodation and washrooms: 1
Dronagiri ans Saptagiri kyon ki acche bane hai : 1
Mine lol. Can't say: 1
Shivalik- Ppl wise
Nilgiri- infra wise: 1
Idk anything about other hostels except mine: 1
Udaigiri, bcz they got double sharing: 1
I love my hostel. (tbf I'd say Jwala just because many of my friends are from Jwala): 1
I feel like the boys hostels are in general better than girls hostels in infra. They just seem better from the outside.: 1
Dronagiri.......but it's expensive too......so none: 1
Himadriiii: 1
Nilgiri: 1
Shivalik (apne hostel se gaddari nahi): 1
Zanskar rahh
Best facche, best sports, best infra: 1
Shivalik (the people): 1
Kailash , can connect with more seniors (2nd year): 1
Nilgiri
Sexy infra, sexy log: 1
Dronagiri because of A.C.: 1
I think the better u get the more inconveniences u wud find.
Privelaged PPL hv privelaged problems: 1
New ones as they are better build but the old ones have a different vine : 1
Khana-Jwala, Infra-Girnar: 1
Dronagiri and Saptagiri, they’re plain better in every respect, newer and air conditioned too: 1
Satpura...good mess food
: 1
JWALAMUKHI, best food, best peeps, best seniors : 1
Obviously Girnar: 1
Jwala- everything except washrooms: 1
Satpura naya hain toh livable sa: 1
Girnar kyu ke top floor view kaafi aacha ha aur khana bhe: 1
Kumaon - best set of people: 1
Nalanda and spatagiri because they are clean enough : 1
Jwala - there's CHICKEN that actually tastes good: 1
Haven't been to many hostels, but Zanskar because of their night mess rolls and it's a new hostel so i assume the infrastructure is better than kumaon. (any hostel's infra is better than kumaon tbh): 1
SHIVA!!: 1
Kumaon and wo ac wale saare : 1
Himadri because of my pals and food: 1
Kara hehe: 1
Satpura or any AC hostels due to clean infra: 1
drona - saptagiri   - due to infra: 1
Girnar, recently built infra and all: 1
Jai giranar: 1
Of Course, it's Girnar.
Triple sharing ka to concept hi nahi hai.
Also the biggest hostel.: 1
Himadri ofc ( waise Ara ka CR aur Vindy ke sofe dono achhe hain): 1
saptagiri:): 1
Drona/Saptagiri - even if you remove the AC the place feels so lively and beautiful: 1
Muje apne hostel ke alawa kisi hostel ki asliyat nhi pata sir/ma'am. 🥺: 1
Location-wise Kumaon Hostel is very good since it is very near to the Hostel gate and then bus stand and metro station. It also has a rich culture of BRCA and BSP but mess and other hostel facilities are not up to mark as with some other hostels. : 1
Infrastructure wise drona or sapta but overall Mera hi hostel coz seniors op + PPL as well: 1
Girnar, best infrastructure (except dronagiri,udaigiri): 1
best is nilgiri 😎 actually good infra and mess.. rooms are also good and renovated.. 
second best is Himadri cuz 😍: 1
Girnar and Udaigiri because they got best facilities: 1
Kumaon obv. : 1
Mine(still terrible infra wise tbh): 1
Aravali : 1
Girnar, obviously. OP Infra, OP location, OP people: 1
haven’t been to others: 1
Sapta giri and dronogiri  aur jwala 
Alag hi feel aati : 1
saptagiri iykyk: 1
Himadari. No debate : 1
Zanskar because mine 💅: 1
Dronagiri, Saptagiri newly built and AC wgera hai, clean bhi lgte hai: 1
Girnar .
It has good infrastructure.
Badminton and volleyball courts are well maintained and has good space for doing fun.: 1
jwala: 1
Girnar. Newest, a nice like warm(comfy) atmosphere with lots of space and a very large community.: 1
Nilgiri, very lovable seniors: 1
saptagiri dronagiri: 1
No particular hostel but gardens are better: 1
Can't comment : 1
Udaigiri. Best infra amongst UG hostels and superb culture 💀: 1
I have never been to other hostels except Aravalli and my kara: 1
Dronagiri and Saptgiri. Facilities there are much better compared to other hostels.: 1
Girnar (Naam hi kaafi he): 1
Jwalamukhi, (everybody knows we have the best seniors): 1
Girnar, I like BIG things: 1
Zanskar, it has huge indoor sports area, tables sports goods in good condition too: 1
Jwala. Good food, chicken twice a week: 1
Saptagiri, Dronagiri because of infrastructure and good food.: 1
drona: 1
Chalti kiski dadagiri Udagiri Udagiri 
Yrrr ya slogan change kar lo 🤌🏻🤌🏻: 1
Aravali! Not bad. Kinda liked it! :P: 1
Kiski chalti dadagiri? Udaigiri! Udaigiri!: 1
Himadri (because of the ungodly sex ratio): 1
Zanskar because the room spacing is good along with the design of the hostel.: 1
Dronagiri and Saptagiri because of the AC and good rooms : 1
Nalanda: 1
Jwala , food: 1
Jwala(food): 1
Any other besides mine (only in terms of infra and mess food): 1
Aravali because of me: 1
Girnar : The hostel literally has everything and Kumaon : Culture: 1
Mtech hostels which I will never get: 1
Satpura🤘🏼: 1
Saptagiri: 1
1. Vindhyachal (Because it's my hostel :P)
2. Jwalamukhi (My uncle who graduated in 2001 used to live here.)
3. Drona and Saptagiri (They are new and have better infrastructure): 1
Girnar abd udai, huge and look great from the outside : 1
satpura FTW: 1
Sahyadri...cuz of infrastructure : 1
Nilgiri because of its new infrastructure: 1
Udaygiri ( I love to look views from the highest floor) : 1
Jwala becoz khana badhiya h: 1
Sahaydri, vibe: 1
Kumaon. Because of its culture and feeling of unity among fellow hostel mates.: 1
Girnar(ofc infra): 1
Nilgiri. Now, it seems like home.: 1
Zanskar, Yadav ji ki dukaan: 1
Should be saptagiri,dronagiri because there is best facility like that is new hostel so have better mentainance of pipeline, washroom etc.: 1
Nalanda, better in terms of hygiene ig compared to the rest : 1
Dronagiri and Saptagiri - Air Conditioned and Co-ed : 1
Jay jwala ki!!: 1
Satpura ke samurai, baaki saare ma chudaye: 1
bahar se all the 4 hostels (aravali jwala nilgiri and kara) look good and infra is also v good but rooms bekar hai and other than that, i'd say zanskar and shivalik are built real good: 1
Sahyadri obv: 1
Mera hostel mahaan: 1
Sahayadri(iykyk): 1
Kumaon , good in everything : 1
My hostel is best according to me : 1
Girnar (even tho I'm from satpura) better infra and lifts, better shops etc.: 1
Kumaon because of the culture: 1
Girnar ofc. Biggest hostel. Dominated in GC. Facilities and mess are best among all hostels.: 1
Mine: 1
Girnar. Very good rooms and food: 1
They are all equally bad: 1
Himadri... Some how newer, food is also nice, MY room seems little spacious.
I like my hostel, himadri..
Nd I can't actually really compare as I have explored only himadri nicely.. nd just seen others and not spent so time there.: 1
Aravali-Because it is my hostel: 1
Himadri.......I can confirm...: 1
dornagiri saptgiri 🙏: 1
Dronagiri-Saptagiri: 1
girnar or kailash , food bro food: 1
Zanskar because it is at a place which seems to be live, not isolated. Also I have not experienced  other hostels a lot so I have no much idea.: 1
Sahyadri because it is new and may be good space in room : 1
Satpura, obviously my hostel jokes apart I like the culture of my hostel that friendly and helping nature of seniors towards facche: 1
Aravali as it's my hotel: 1
Ig aravali as it has good washrooms: 1
Jwalamukhi bez of its culture : 1
Jwala because of only good food ..but always Kumaon ki legacy rehegi top par 😎: 1
Ofcourse shivalik : 1
Kara FTW: 1
If you answer any hostel other than Nilgiri, consider yourself opps.: 1
Jwala....khana best and also cleaner than ours: 1
Aravali food is good : 1
Karakoram (cuz it's mine): 1
Dronogiri-AC and co-ed: 1
Nilgiri as per infrastructure and jwala as per food .: 1
Didn't explore other hostels but dronagiri and saptagiri cause they have ac and also co ed: 1
Aravali, tbh is the best hostel coz the night mess is good, the mess is also good, rooms are cool and we have jet sprays unlike kumaon lol. Also we are good in sports so it is an overall balanced hostel.: 1
Mine feels great but definitely not the deal. I feel like one more sem and I will have an answer.: 1
Karakoram , because now its like my 2nd home: 1
Dronagiri, saptgiri because of.... reasons.. :) : 1
In terms of infra and food, udaigiri 
In terms of culture, shivalik: 1
Have not seen others but Nalanda rooms bht chotte hai : 1
Phd hostels (dronagiri saptagiri): 1
I know only about Udaigiri which is better too: 1
Jwalamukhi due to its food: 1
Obv jwala because of best mess and its Jwala's legacy 😁: 1
Friday as chicken biryani 😋 for dinner and Saturday holiday : 1
Jwalamukhi, cloest to the gate, stationery and convinience store, comparitively tasty mess food: 1
Obviously dronagiri, saptgiri and sahyadri.: 1
Aravalli , Gym and night mess : 1
dronagiri : 1
Vo coed waala: 1
Zanskar (My hostel): 1
Sahayadri, why not we all know the reason..: 1
Maybe himadri (infra wise): 1
Haven't been to other hostel so don't know: 1
jwala,inspite they are IC they have good messing and other equipments: 1
Jwalamukhi. Because of the 3rd year seniors. 
I just loveeee themm a lotttt .
They are amazing,lovely, fantastic  they just changed my life and have a lot of lovely memories with them. : 1
Jwalamukhi (Jai Jwala 🗣️🗣️): 1
Zanskar/Himadri: 1
I think shyadri cause they have ac in their hostel : 1
Jwala bhai 
(Lekin dil ko toh ladkiyan hi sukun deti hai): 1
Chalti kiski dadgiri, UDAIGIRI UDAIGIRI...Because of the insane environment between us and the seniors : 1
By infrastructure - lot of boys hostel, by food - kailash : 1
Jwalamukhi, just cut out the infrastructure part, it's more of a new home to us.: 1
Jwalamukhi because of 🤝  unity in seniors and freshers: 1
Satpura, its the best : 1
Aravali for the vibes(Jai Ara) and Girnar for the infrastructure: 1
Mine for sure.  HIMADRI: 1
Aravali obv : 1
himadri,kailash(just joking) actually its saptagiri,dronagiri(because ac hostels): 1
Kumaon, infrastructure and BRCA/sports culture: 1
SAHYADRI : 1
Saptagiri dronagiri due to new infrastructure : 1
Drongiri ans Saptgiri for obvious reasons: 1
Idk: 1
No one: 1
ARAVALI ( ARA CULTURE IS BEST ): 1
ARAVALI is the best hostel, because seniors are supportive a lot and best gym facility and all my backchod hostelmates: 1
idk: 1
Kailash ofc.: 1
T: 1
no clue, ig vindy sucks the most (ceiling breaking down is not good): 1
SAHYADRI hands down, centralized AC, gym with working equipments and what not. Maybe DRONAGIRI OR SAPTAGIRI too cuz of their proximity to rajdhani and SAC: 1
Our hostel(Jwalamukhi) is the best.
We got amazing BSW Rep's🫶, awesome seniors🙌, great unity level in the Fresher's ✊, wonderful mess🤌, everything is the best !!! :): 1
Pg hostels like dronagiri and sahyadri are ofcourse best, coming to ug hostels I feel kailash is better as I got bad reviews from boys hostels and regarding himadri, kailash's west wing infrastructure is way better : 1
satpura/jwala: 1
The relatively older hostels: 1
aravli because night mess ,mess: 1
Sahayadri saptagiri dronagiri: 1
Karakoram, best mess best seniors best culture enthusiasm max: 1
Kailash ig because it's food is tastiest along with having night mess, gym and such a big area for visitors room. : 1
nilgiri,infrastructure,mess,have heated showers!!: 1
Idk honestly, Zanskar has cool vr and vending machine but Nilgiri has hot water supply IN THEIR SHOWERS. : 1
sahydri (hotel jaisi vibe aati H): 1
Dronagiri/Saptagiri as they are the newest and have acs.: 1
Huh: 1
Karakoram: 1
Sahyadri cuz nya hostel h : 1
For girls hostel I guess himadri is the best for btech : 1
KARAKORAM: 1
Satpura : 1
Saptagiri and Dronagiri iykyk: 1
Kailash for girls: 1
Girnar because of infrastructure : 1
Nilgiri 
Very well built : 1
Nilgiri : 1
Girnar.. because of mess and infrastructure : 1
ARA cuz of holistics, duhhhh: 1
Aravali,saddle hostel best hai: 1
drona and sapgtagiri. : 1
Drona Giri : 1
Kumaon :): 1
sahyadri; not becuz the rooms are air conditioned..but it's very clean..especially the washrooms and laundry are well maintained.: 1
Zanskar 😎
even though our basement is locked for some stupid reason that an IAS coaching in delhi can't maintain it's basement but how can you compare it with an iit hostel 😭🥺: 1
Girnar, as the rooms look cleaner and new.: 1
boys hostel: 1
udaigiri kyunki apna hai: 1
Saptigiri : 1
vindy is the best: 1
jwalamukhi , khana toh accha h : 1
sahyadri : 1
I only know Kailash.
Therefore this is good.: 1
Sahyadri, kailash ke alawa wahi hostel dekha hai: 1
Himadri is the best,, because am living in this hostel and felt it's nice other than : 1
Zanskar because of the chai of their shop: 1
Girnar, their rooms are excellent with adequate space. : 1
No best hostel: 1
Shivalik because it has a different level of enthusiasm : 1
Kailash and we all know why: 1
No idea about others but boys have better hostel spirit: 1
Girnar cuz of two sharing : 1
I can't say for boy's hostel, but I feel  PG hostels are much better than Himadri and Kailash(Considering the fact that they have ACs in their rooms and they have better mess food). If I had to compare between Kailash and Himadri, my opinion is Himadri.: 1
Dronagiri and saptagiri : 1
Satpura ~ Heard good stuff: 1
Kumaon heard better rooms and infra: 1
Zanskar has good infra and a night mess. : 1
Zanskar obv: 1
Jwala obv: 1
Girnar I think coz its not been very long since its making and looks really good from the inside.: 1
Girnar good food: 1
Girnar. I think it's better: 1
Idk all equal i guess: 1
I'm not sure about other hostels so Nilgiri, although Girnar seems pretty modern since it has a lift.: 1
Jwala
Food: 1
sahyadri, it has ac and infrastructure is better cuz its new ofc.: 1
Jwala: 1
Chalti kiski dadagiri? Udaigiri udaigiri : 1
jwala because of food: 1
SHIVALIK
REASON: Hostel is on the name of GOD SHIVA and I have deep faith in GOD.: 1
Dekhne do andar se sare pehle: 1
Nilgiri - it's nicely tucked away in the campus, has both a night mess and juice stall, and a great seniors. : 1
Dronagiri. it's pretty : 1
Sahyadri new and ac: 1
Vindhyachal - that's where we live! Though infrastructure needs work: 1
Slutpura: 1
SATPURA ( BEST GYM): 1
Shivalik coz of the culture.: 1
Jwalamukhi bus vibe hai : 1
Night mess jinki achii hain
Plus mess m non veg de do bhai girls hostel m: 1
kya pata: 1
